#### 学习指南
* Mummy got sick,And happened just like that.
* There's anybody could do
* It isn't fair.There's no reason.
* And if we start asking why, we'll go crazy.
* Do you know how to make juice?
```
how to do sth //如何做某事
```
* Here. It's my shrink. Call him.
```
shrink /ʃrɪŋk/  心里医生
psychiatrist /saɪˈkaɪə.trɪst/ 心里医生
```
* Work hard, work will save you. Work is the only thing that will see you through this.
* Don't mind him,he's just a guy who's lost his wife
* What I think we really need is change.
* Good idea. Take a couple of weeks off,get some sun, take Jonah fishing.
* Some place where every time i go around a corner i don't think of Maggie
* Where you gonna go? thinking about Seattle.
* Eventually,in a few months,you'll start seeing women,You'll meet someone.
```
 Eventually /ɪˈven.tʃu.ə.li/  最后 
```
* Right,right.Move on,right,that's what i'm gonna do
```
Move on //离开某个地方
```
And then in a few months,boom,i'll be fine.I'll just grow a new heart.
```
grow /ɡroʊ/ 长出  heart /hɑːrt/ 心
boom /buːm/ 深沉的声音
```
* Sam i'm soory,she didn't mean that.
```
she didn't mean that//她不是这个意思
```
* I konw,i know it just doesn't happen twice. //我知道,我知道,只是有些事情一次足以
* The tall woman with red hair is your cousin Irene//
```
 cousin /ˈkʌz.ən/ 表姐表妹
```
* You'll recognize by the disappointed look on her face.
* Married to Harold ,ran off with the secretary. 
```
secretary  /ˈsek.rə.ter.i/ 秘书    run off 突然离开某人
```
* But came back because Irene put the dog to sleep if he didn't
```
put sb to sth //让某人/某物
```
* Your brother Dennis is professor,Johns Hopkins. He's married to uh,Besty.The most competitive woman in the world
* How will I remember all this?
* Your Uncle Milton lost all of his money. And some other people's. In a pyramid scheme
```
pyramid scheme /ˈpɪr.ə.mɪd ˌskiːm/ 金字塔型投资,欺骗消费者的一种形式
```
* Don't mention the IRS or the federal prisons system.Your mother's Barbara.your father's Cliff
```
mention /ˈmen.ʃən/ vt 提到  federal /ˈfed.ɚ.əl/ 联邦政府的 prison /ˈprɪz.ən/ 监狱
```
* My father has electric trains. Really? Am I what they had in mind? Oh Walter, they're gonna love you!
* Everybody, Annie has an announcement.alter and I are engaged
```
 engaged /ɪnˈɡeɪdʒd/ 形容词 订婚的
```
* i don't see a ring.Annie. Bless you.Bless you! Are you all right?it's nothing,it's nothing.
* Maybe it's the flowers. We'll move them.No touch them, I feel terrible,sneezing at a time like this. This is a very important moment for me.
```
sneeze  /sniːz/ 动词 打喷嚏
```
* He's allergic to everything.Don't worry about him.Bees. I'm allergic to bees. Harold is allergic to every type of bees.
```
allergic /əˈlɝː.dʒɪk/ 对....过敏的
```
* We always have to carry a hypodermic of adrenalin wherever we go. 
```
hypodermic /ˌhaɪ.poʊˈdɝː.mɪk/ 形容词:皮下的 名词:皮下注射器
adrenalin /əˈdren.əl.ɪn/ 名词:肾上腺素

```
* If he eats even one tiny piece of a nut. My head swells up like a watermelon and i drop dead.It's the same with him and bees
```
swell /swel/ 动词 肿胀,肿起来了
drop dead //倒下就死了
```
* Your monther and i had salmon at our wedding. i really think a wedding without cold salmon is ... I'm not allergic to salmon. oh he's not allergic to salmon. I dong't think
But you never know.
```
salmon /ˈsæm.ən/ 三文鱼
```
* He wasn't always allergic to bees.
* Oh,honey,what a shame.We had some champagne.what did we use it for? Uncle Milton's parole
```
champagne  /ʃæmˈpeɪn/ 香槟
parole  /pəˈroʊl/ 假释
```
* And it was delicious. It was,wasn't it Milton?
* When are you getting married? in early June, in the garden.
* What about Harold and bees? I'm allergic to bees.We'll spray you .
```
spray  /spreɪ/ 喷雾
```
* Cold salmon,a lovely cucumber salad, strawberries.I'm afraid I am allergic to strawberries
* Is this all right with you?
* Today,i'm consider myself the luckiest man-man-man on
the face of the earth-earth-earth
* That's Lou Gehrig's line from... Pride of the Yankees
* Baseball.it's baseball, An historical reference
```
historical /hɪˈstɔːr.ɪ.kəl/ 历史的
reference /ˈref·ər·əns/ 参照
```
* I would like to propose a toast.hear,hear To my kid sister!To Walter and my baby.
```
propose  /prəˈpoʊz/ 提议
toast  /toʊst/ 干杯
```
* Everyone,please eat before it get cold.
* Here it is,The Historical Society wanted this and i never would give it to them.
* i noticed these things are back in fashion.Grandmother's dress
* He's a lovely man, Annie.I konw he is woderful.isn't he?
* And he's a wonderful athlete.Are his folks nice? you'll love them.
```
athlete /ˈæθ.lit/ 运动员
folks /foʊks/ 家庭
```
* We're going down to DC tonight to be with them Christmas morning. 
*  How did it happen? It's silly, really
* i mean,i'd seen to him at the office.Obviously i'd seen him.He's the associate publisher
```
associate /əˈsoʊ·ʃiˌeɪt/ vt 联想,联系 adj:副的
```
* And then one day we both ordered sandwiches from the same place,
* and he got my lettuce and tomato on whole wheat.which ,of course,he was allergic to.
* And i got his lettuce and tomato on white.How Amazing, it is,isn't it?
* You make a million decisions that mean nothing and then one day you order takeout that change your life.
```
takeout /ˈteɪk.aʊt/ 外卖
```
* Destiny takes a hand.destiny is something we've invented
* because we can't stand the fact that everything that happens is accidental.Then how do you explain that you both ordered exactly the same sandwich.except for the bread.
* How many people in this world like lettuce and tomato without something else,like tuna?
* Well It wasn't a sign,It was a coincidence.
```
lettuce  /ˈlet̬.ɪs/ 生菜
tuna /ˈtu·nə/ 金枪鱼
coincidence /koʊˈɪn·sɪ·dəns/ 巧合,一致
```
* I was in Atlantic City with my family.Cliff was a waiter
* He wasn't even supposed to work that night,suppose  he hadn't
```
suppose /səˈpoʊz/ 假使
```
* He asked me to take a midnight walk on the Steel Pier.
```
midnight /ˈmɪdˌnɑɪt/ 午夜
steel /stil/ 钢铁
pier  /pɪər/ 码头,桥墩
```
* I probably told you this a million times,but i don't care.
```
million  /ˈmɪl.jən/ 百万
```
* Then he held my hand.At one point i looked down and i couldn't tell which fingers were his and which were mine.
* And i Knew.-What? You kmow? What? Magic.It was magic
* I knew we'd be together forever.And that everything would be wonderful.Just the way you feel about Walter.
* Walter.it's quite a formal name.Isn't it?
* One of the things i truly knew was that your father and i were going to have a wonderful time in the sack.i believe you call it.
```
sack  /sæk/ 麻袋
```
* Of course it took several years before everything worked like clockwork in that department.
```
clockwork /ˈklɑːk.wɝːk/ 发条装置
```
* So don't be worried if it takes a while.
* We alreay.Fine,fine ,fiddly-dee,How's it working? like clockwork 
* it's a sign-You don't believe in signs.
* They loved you.i told you they would love you and they loved you.- I love you.I love you, Walter
* Did anyone ever call you anything other than Walter?
* - Not even when you were young? No,not even when I was young.
* You sure you don't want to drive with me.Oh,how will i get back to baltimore on Friday?
* i forgot the present.Walter i left your stepmother's present inside by accident.i swear,when we're old and grey
* you gonna have to remind me to put my teeth in.I'll be walking all over town smacking my gums together,not even noticing.
```
gum /ɡʌm/ 名词 口香糖 
smack /smæk/ 动词 扔,摔
```
* I'll wait ,you will wait?Oh,right.Don't wait.it's silly.
* No, go ahead. We're late anyway.I'll be ten minutes behind you.
* Welcome back to "You and your Emotions."
* I'm Dr. Marcia Fieldstone,broadcasting live across Amecia from the top of the Sears Tower in Chicago
* Tonight we're talking about wishes and dreams.What's your wish this Christmas Eve?
* What's your wish? My wish is to turn the radio station.
* subject of this evening medical update is "You and your spleen"
* And your host is ....-Not on your life.
* Coming up, "Jingle Bells" backwards, sung by the New Jersey.
* Seattle, go ahead.This is Jonah...
* No last names, Jonah.You sound younger than our usual caller.How old are you? I'm eight.
* Eight?How come you're up so late?It's not that late in Seattle.Oh,of course,you're absolutely right.
* All right,what's your Christmas wish,Jonnah?
* It's not for me,it's for my dad.I think he needs a new wife.you don't like the one he has now?
* He doesn't have one now.That's the problem.
* where's your mum? She died. oh,i'm so sorry.well who can believe this?
* I've been pretty sad,but i think my Dad's worse.Have you talked to your dad about this?Why not? it makes him sadder.
* I can understand that,is your dad home right now?Yeah.What's he doing?Is he busy?
* Not really,he's out on the deck.I'm sure that i can help .But i'm gonna need you to help me help him...
* Wretched woman!Hang up,Jonah!Don't listen to her-No way,he'd kill me.Trust me,Jonah.
* He won't be angry when he realises how can concerned you are about him. Wanna bet?
* But if i get yelled at.i'm never gonna to listen to your show again.Okay,fair enough.
* There's someone on the phone for you.His name is Sam.-Sam.
* if you've just turned in,this is Dr.Marcia FiledStone.and tonight's topic is your wishes and dreams.
* I got it.We're on the line now with someone from Seattle.
* Hello,Sam,this is Dr.FiledStone on Network America
* Okay,What are you selling tonight? Micro-hibachis or  Ginza knives?
* No,i'm not selling anything.I just wanna help.
* I want you to know that your son called and he asked me for some advice on how you might find a new wife。
* Who is this? Dr.FiledStone of Network America.And you are on the air.
* You called a radio station?Sam,are you with me?
* Your son feels that since your wife's death you've been very,very unhappy.
* AND he is genuinely worried about you.Get out here.Get out here.Come on,now,i'm not gonna go through this alone.
* I think it's very hard for him to talk to you about all this.
* I thought maybe you and i could talk.it would make Jonah feel a little better.Sam?
* Talk to her,She's a doctor.Of what?Her first name could be Doctor.
* Please,Sam,Sam.it's his Christmas wish.
* I know this is difficult.But how long ago did your wife die?
* About a year and a half ago.Have you had any relationships?No,No?Why not?
* Un Marcia.Or should i call you Dr.FiledStone? -Dr.Marcia.
* Dr.Marcia .I don't mean to be rude.....I don't want to invade your privacy.Sure you do.
```
invade /ɪnˈveɪd/ 侵犯
```
* Go on,Sam.I'm listening.Sam.We had a pretty tough time at first.
* But we're dealing with it.And Jonah and i will get along just fine again.as soon as i break his raido.
* I have no doubt that you're a wonderful father.
* You can tell a lot from a person's voice.You certainly can.
* But something must be missing if Jonah still feels that you're under a cloud.
* Just a few questions.Are you sleeping at night?
* He doesn't sleep at all.How do you know that? I live here,Dad.
* Look.t's Christmas.Maggie,my wife.She really did it.I mean,she loved.....She made everything beautiful.
* It's just tough this time of year.Every kid needs a mother.









